CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing to Bottles
First off, thanks for taking the time to contribute :heart:!

## Found a Problem?
Before reporting a problem, be it a bug, design or others, we assume you have made sure that:
1. the [Bottles wiki](https://github.com/bottlesdevs/Bottles/wiki) does not cover your problem
1. the problem has not been reported in the [issue tracker](https://github.com/bottlesdevs/Bottles/issues)
1. the problem is reproducible with [Bottles from Flathub](https://flathub.org/apps/details/com.usebottles.bottles)

If all apply, then please consider opening a [new issue](https://github.com/bottlesdevs/Bottles/issues/new/choose).

## Want to Submit Code?
You can submit code by [forking](https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/working-with-forks/about-forks) this project, editing the desired code and finally submitting a [pull request](https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/proposing-changes-to-your-work-with-pull-requests/creating-a-pull-request).

### Having Trouble Understanding the Source Code?
If you want to inquire to understand the code base, you can contact us via [Discord](https://discord.com/invite/wF4JAdYrTR). We'd love to help you out!

## Want to Translate Bottles?
You can help Bottles speak your language by translating on [Weblate](https://hosted.weblate.org/projects/bottles).

## Want to Donate or Sponsor Bottles?
You can financially support Bottles through [donations and sponsorships](https://usebottles.com/funding).

Commit message:

misc: Improve building instructions to favor Flatpak

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing to Bottles
First off, thanks for taking the time to contribute :heart:!

## Found a Problem?
Before reporting a problem, be it a bug, design or others, we assume you have made sure that:
1. the [Bottles wiki](https://github.com/bottlesdevs/Bottles/wiki) does not cover your problem
1. the problem has not been reported in the [issue tracker](https://github.com/bottlesdevs/Bottles/issues)
1. the problem is reproducible with [Bottles from Flathub](https://flathub.org/apps/details/com.usebottles.bottles)

If all apply, then please consider opening a [new issue](https://github.com/bottlesdevs/Bottles/issues/new/choose).

## Want to Submit Code?
You can submit code by [forking](https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/working-with-forks/about-forks) this project, editing the desired code and finally submitting a [pull request](https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/proposing-changes-to-your-work-with-pull-requests/creating-a-pull-request).

To build Bottles, refer to the [Building](README.md#Building) instructions.

### Having Trouble Understanding the Source Code?
If you want to inquire to understand the code base, you can contact us via [Discord](https://discord.com/invite/wF4JAdYrTR). We'd love to help you out!

## Want to Translate Bottles?
You can help Bottles speak your language by translating on [Weblate](https://hosted.weblate.org/projects/bottles).

## Want to Donate or Sponsor Bottles?
You can financially support Bottles through [donations and sponsorships](https://usebottles.com/funding).
